Well,
the disingenuous media that's being less and less taken seriously taking less
and less seriously.
It's,
it seems to me that that trend,
which is a common trend that's existed for the last few years of these click
baity bullshit articles and mislabeling people,
it's going to go away because your,
your,
your perspective is not going to be appreciated.
It,
it's not going to be respected if you,
if you're obviously making disingenuous statements like that.
And I think,
um,
we're in this weird position where it's very difficult to find real journalism
and real objective takes on things that aren't flavored by their ideology and
everybody's trying to shape everybody and they feel like it's their obligation.
They feel there's many people that write things that feel like it's their
obligation to change your perspective on a national subjects and things that are
important to us that it's not their obligation just report what's going on,
but also their obligation to flavor things in a way that'll make one side look
favorable to the other.
Yeah.
Well I'm,
I'm very much in favor of journalists revealing their biases.
I think that the,
the greatest line media is that objective journalism is a thing.
So I'm conservative.
You only go to my site,
you'll get a conservative spend on the news.
That's the way it's gonna work.
Right?
And guess what?
CNN is liberal and they are going to give you the liberal spin on the news.
And that's just the way this is going to work.
Did you see the video when the Mueller report came out and they look like
somebody got killed?
Oh my God.
It was crazy.
Shit.
Kennedy got shot.
Yeah.
Exit.
Shouldn't you be happy if you guys believed in Mueller?
Everybody was like,
Mueller is the fucking man.
He's going to go get Trump.
This guy is methodical.
He's precise keeping,
he's getting voted out and everything.
Votive candles with his face on them that they could like burn.
They were pumped.
Yeah.
And then he came out and it was like,
well,
no collusion or it was like,
I guess that now to cover up.
It's like,
what?
Wait a minute.
Yeah.
Maybe.
Maybe the narrative has it.
Maybe the narrative has,
has,
has trumped the actual job you were supposed to do guys.
Wow.
It's just so many people were so convinced and there were so many people that
were making statements that in retrospect
probably like you could probably,
I mean I don't want to say I'm not a litigious person,
but if I was a guy like Donald Trump,
oh man.
Yeah.
There's so many people to sue.
Is it?
It was amazing.
I mean I remember as on Bill Maher's show and we're supposed to talk about free
speech stuff in like five minutes before and he's like,
let's talk about Russia is producer came in and let's talk about Russia.
And I was like,
okay,
fine.
So we get on producers are that,
yeah.
This is like right before they switched the topic for your TV shows where they
just tell you what you have to talk about.
I know it's your guy comes in with a clipboard.
Yeah,
it was,
it was a little bit,
it was a little bit strange.
And we got on stage and he's talking about Trump,
Russia collusion.
And I said what I've always said,
which is I'll wait for the evidence to come out and then I will make a decision
as to whether Trump,
Russia collusion was a thing and Bill Maher's radical.
I know.
And Bill Margot's you don't,
you don't believe it was a thing.
And I was like,
well I don't see any evidence yet that it was a thing.
Like I see some evidence of attempts to collude like John Jr I see some attempts
of people trying to get information.
I don't see evidence of like actual legal collusion.
And why don't we just wait like you guys keep wanting Mueller to give us like
let's just wait on it.
And Mark could not believe that this was my perspective.
Right.
It was like,
it was like shocking to him.
Why should,
why should the perspective,
I'm waiting for more evidence be shocking to anyone when it is obvious the
evidence is not out.
Like why?
Why is that in any way controversial?
It's but willing to me,
it's because people have this need to let everyone know that they're on the
right side and they want you to know that they do believe in the collusion.
If you disagree with that for whatever reason,
you must either be a right wing person,
a Trump supporter,
or someone who's in denial,
someone who doesn't look at the evidence and you're a part of the problem.
Yep.
But the,
the real problem was jumping to conclusions.
There obviously seem to be some attempts.
There's,
there's obviously some fuckery with that IRA company that the Internet research
agency that is responsible for millions of interactions with people online where
they pretended to be,
right.
Different supporters roles.
Yeah.
They,
they caused conflict,
like constant conflict in regards to political opinion.
And that's all real.
That was coordinated effort to try to change people's opinions.
But how much did that had to do with Donald Trump?
How much did he ask for?
First of all,
you've got no evidence.
Also,
I was always bewildered by this theory.
Like,
did you watch that campaign?
Um,
that was not the most well coordinated campaign and it was chaos.
It was chaos.
I mean I knew everybody who is in the campaign.
Like it was a,
it was a shit show then the idea that they're sitting there but there,
but when the mask comes off at night,
they call it Vladimir Putin and they put together a point by point plan on how
they're going to swing this particular precinct in rural,
in rural Michigan.
It's like,
what?
What are you,
are you guys hi?
Like really?
What are you talking about?
Like what?
Like if you could attribute this to any here,
here's a good rule of thumb for politics.
Attribute everything to stupidity.
Unless you can prove malice.
The real problem,
and this is something that is very similar to what we were talking about
earlier.
When you say something and you say it over and over and over again,
and you say it with such conviction and it becomes a giant part of your news
narrative and then that something turns out to be horseshit.
Yup.
You just massively empowered Trump.
Well that's it.
That's exactly right.
And I'm gonna ask for a long time that you know,
I'm not a big fan of Trump's fake news shtick because I think he applies it to
broadly.
I think that whenever there's a bad piece of news,
he's like fake news.
And it's like,
well sometimes yes and sometimes no.
But now that you just blew a two year narrative where he was clearly in Putin's
pocket,
how many people you think gonna listen to the nuanced view of fake news now and
how many people do you think are going to actually believe Trump when he says
that a bad piece of news is legitimately a fake piece of news.
Yeah.
It empowers him in a,
in a,
in a spectacular manner.
They made a giant mistake.
Oh yeah.
And they blew,
they blew this one in spectacular.
Yeah.
And people are still hanging in there.
All they had to do.
This is true for so many people right now.
All you have to do is not be crazy.
Just stop it.
Got It.
It was talking about the possibility that Trump has been a Russian assets since
like 1987 or some shit.
I mean Andrew Mccabe,
the former FBI director was asked whether Trump was legitimately a Russian asset
and he's like,
I don't know.
It's like you're using the power of the institution you used to run to spread
this nonsense and you got that from John Brennan.
He got it from James Clapper.
These are all former heads of the intelligence agencies.
Just makes me think the intelligence agencies need to be wildly car back.
If these were the heads of them.
I mean if like the heads of the intelligence agencies are using their platform
to proclaim that they have inside information about Trump,
that turns out to be utter nonsense.
I'm not sure that these people should have that much power to like she said that
what he's saying or is he saying he doesn't know?
He didn't say,
I dunno.
He was saying like I have basically I expect that Mueller is going to indict as
a former intelligence professional.
I expect that.
Yeah,
the the the,
there's a lot of that.
It was ugly.
Adam Schiff on the,
on the Intel Committee doing the same thing.
It's crazy now because like what do they do now or how do they rebound from this
if this is the letting go once.
This is something you said for two years,
right?
You've seen the compilation video.
Yeah.
The whole are amazing.
They've done them to rap music,
so they're like,
they've,
they've put a beat behind it.
If you seen it.
Now I know there's some great ones,
some great comp.
There's compilations of people saying possible collusion.
Possible collusion.
Possible.
Yeah.
And this music that goes with it and they just cut to possible collusion with
the Russians.
Possible Russian collusion.
It's,
yeah,
they,
they blew it in a major way.
Yeah.
I mean there's plenty of shit to complain about.
You didn't have to go with that.
The idea was that he was a trays at target rich environment and you decided to
go to,
he's a Russian trader.
What,
like no way out or something.
And he was,
Kevin Costner is the last thing.
Look what he could have ever beaten Hillary.